[Autogenerated] Let's at Springwood actuator to the demo application.
Now start up the IDE e and take a look at the second example project.
We're going to AD DS Springwood actuator to the back end service.
The first thing we need to do is added dependency
in the maven POM GUID XML Foul.
Let's open up this file and at the dependency on
spring Bootstrap charter actuator.
That's really all we have to do to get Springwood.
Actually, they're working.
It's initialized automatically by spring boots auto configuration
mechanism so we don't need to explicitly at any configuration or
modify the Java code off the application.
Let's start everything up and see what we get.
Remember greenmail.
So make sure that the docker container with greenmail is running.
Then start S3 services, which is easy to do from Intelligence services Panel,
the backhand service to which we've just added Springwood
actuator is listening on Port 80 81.
So let's go to HTTP local host Port 80 81 slash actuator.
In the browser, you will see that you're going to response with some links there.
What we're looking at here is actuators Discovery Page which shows
these actuator endpoints that are available.
By the way, I'm using a JSON for matter extension in my browser here,
so I get this nicely formatted output.
There are two endpoints available,
one named Health that can optionally take some path and the other named info.
Let's follow the health link first.
Now we get a very short response with just status up,
which tells us that the application is up and running normally.
Let's go back and follow the info link.
This gives us an even shorter response with Justin anti JSON object,
so there's not really a lot to see here yet.
One thing we can do is enable more details on the health endpoint.
To do that,
we need to set a configuration property in the Application Properties file.
Let's set the property management endpoint health show details to the
value always and then restart the back on services.
When we now go to the health and point,
we get more details about different components in the application,
we can see that the connection to the database is working.
Some details about this space and the connection to the mail server is working.
If we stop the Green Mill Docker container and refresh this page,
you will see that the connection to the mail server is now down.
So this health and point is really useful to see if all the
components off the application are running normally.
You can imagine that you could make a dashboard for system administrators
that would regularly check the health and point and warn them if something
goes down when we start greenmail again and refresh,
it will also quickly report that the connection is up again.
The info endpoint is meant to display general information about the application,
such as maybe the applications name and version number.
Besides these health and info endpoints,
there are many more endpoints that actuator provides out of the box.
But most of them are not exposed by default via HTTP for security reasons.
In the spring Bootstrap reference documentation,
there is a chapter about spring Bootstrap actuator that lists and explains all
the provided endpoints in the Application Properties file.
We can set the property management endpoints web exposure
include to a comma separated list off endpoint names off the
endpoints that you want to expose.
We can also set it to asked the risk to expose all
endpoints When you now restart the back and service and go
to the actuator Discovery page again, you'll see many more endpoints.
Take a look around yourself and see what information you can find
their the one that's going to be most interesting for the rest of
this module is the metrics and point.
One remark I need to make is that we're not paying
much attention to security here, as that's not the main focus of this course.
If you're going to use Springwood actuator in your
own application in production, it is, of course,
very important that you pay attention to security.
In general.
You don't want to expose any information about how
your application works to hackers,
so you should properly secure your actuator endpoints using spring security.
It's easy to, for example, only give logged in users with an admin role. Access to the endpoints